Famously known as 'Heaven on Earth, Srinagar is located in the union territory of Jammu & Kashmir, on the banks of river Jhelum. Srinagar is known for the stationary houseboats and gondola-type rowboats- Shikaras on Dal Lake. 

Ladakh is a union territory in the Kashmir region of India. Formerly falling in the state of Jammu & Kashmir, Ladakh was administered a union territory on 31st October 2019. Extending from the Siachen Glacier to the main Great Himalayas, Ladakh is a land like no other. 

Replete with turquoise blue water beaches and a bit of history, Andaman & Nicobar Islands is a little slice of paradise tucked around 1,400 km away from the east coast of mainland India

Officially called Alappuzha, Alleppey is known for its network of canals and lagoons with beautiful backwaters and the houseboats offering overnight stays. Located in the southern part of Kerala, the coastline of Alleppey offers some of the best beaches with water sports during the dry season.

Darjeeling, the former summer capital of India under the British Raj, has evolved into one of India's most sought-after hill stations. This picturesque hill destination in West Bengal is ideal for a romantic honeymoon.

Lying on the western coast, Goa is India's smallest state and unlike any other, known for its endless beaches, stellar nightlife, eclectic seafood, world-heritage listed architecture. Spread across just 3,702 km, Goa lies in the Konkan region.

Located on the banks of River Yamuna in Uttar Pradesh, Agra is a popular tourist destination as it is home to one of the 7 wonders of the world, the Taj Mahal. It is a sneak peek into the architectural history and legacy of the Mughal empire.

Situated at an altitude of 2730 m above sea level, Gulmarg is a popular skiing destination located in Pir Panjal Range of Union territory of Jammu and Kashmir. Surrounded by snow-covered lofty Himalayas, meadows of flowers, deep ravines, evergreen forested valleys, Gulmarg also has the world's second-highest Gondola ride.

Famous for the tea estates, greenery, winding roads, blanket of mist, and viewpoints, Munnar is a hill station in Kerala, located in the Idukki district. Lying in the Western Ghats at 1600 metres, it is one of the most sought after and visited travel destinations globally.

Amritsar, colloquially known as Ambarsar, is a city steeped in history and spirituality. It stands as a prominent cultural and religious hub in the heart of Punjab, as the second largest city of India. The city is most renowned for the Golden Temple, the holiest shrine in Sikhism